[
    {
        "study_programme_name": "river delta development (joint degree)",
        "hogeschool": "Van Hall Larenstein University of Applied Sciences",
        "content_link": "https://www.vhluas.com/programmes/master/river-delta-development/",
	"study_programme_type": "M",
        "study_programme_location": "Leeuwarden",
        "study_programme_language": "Engels",
        "study_programme_length": "2 jaar",
	"study_programme_length_type": "voltijd",
        "study_programme_description": "Do you want to play a crucial role in shaping the river deltas of the future? Are you keen to find solutions to one of this century’s most pressing challenges? Then the master’s degree River Delta Development is for you! River deltas are not only home to millions of people and several different ecosystems, they are also essential for global food production and economic activity. These areas are under pressure, because of climate change, the rise in sea levels and overpopulation. Floods, subsidence and the salinisation of groundwater are just some of the challenges we face, which is why we need visionaries who can build bridges between ecology, technology and society. Bring technological change into practice. The programme prepares you for a role as a 'facilitator of change', a professional who makes practical use of advances in technology so that people and nature can live in harmony with water. The focus of the programme is on developing ideas and solutions in which you listen to stakeholders and involve them in sustainable, long-term solutions which receive broad support. Collaborate with professionals in Living Labs. You combine theoretical knowledge about the way delta systems function with practical assignments in 'Living Labs', real locations in delta areas where you work together with local communities, companies and policy makers. For example, how do you design a climate-resistant riverbank for the Grevelingenmeer that everyone is happy to support? You look at technological possibilities, costs and the risk of rises in water level, and the needs of both residents and farmers. Study in 3 places in the Netherlands. This master’s is a unique joint degree from three institutes of higher learning with special expertise in water: HZ University of Applied Sciences (coastal area), Van Hall Larenstein University of Applied Sciences (river systems) and Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences (urban water). Studying and working at these three locations will increase your understanding of different types of delta area and your network within the field. After you have completed your studies, you can work for international organizations, consultancy firms, government agencies or NGOs. Whether you choose a career as an urban planner in a big city built near water, a consultant on sustainable agriculture in a fertile delta or a researcher into healthy river systems – the world is your oyster. Learning together in living labs. The tasks in delta areas are so big and the systems so complex that simple solutions are often not possible. Fundamental interventions are needed. That is why Living Labs have been set up; testing grounds in which professional practice and universities of applied sciences work together on complex tasks. As a student of the River Delta Development master's programme, you will participate in Living Labs in which the research centres and professorships of the three universities of applied sciences are involved. You will work on location, together with professionals from the field, in multidisciplinary teams on real-life issues.",
        "study_programme_soft_requirements": "In order to qualify for participation in the Master’s programme River Delta Development, applicants should have a bachelor’s degree or an equivalent qualification from a recognised university (of applied sciences) or accredited academic institution in a discipline related to that of the master’s programme (certified copy of a diploma together with the official transcript of academic records). Students with the following (Dutch) Bachelor’s degrees are welcome anyway: Water Management CROHO 34074. Water Management CROHO 34332. Delta Management CROHO 39278. Civil Engineering CROHO 34279. Urban and Regional Planning CROHO 34282. Spatial Development CROHO 30038. International Development Management CROHO 34203. Coastal and Marine Management CROHO 39204. Land and Water Management CROHO 34226. Management of the Living Environment CROHO 34859. Built Environment CROHO 39280. It is also important that you have a good command of the English language. Read more about the admission requirements. Admission and registration. A letter of motivation and an intake interview with the admission committee are also part of the selection procedure. The HZ student office will inform you about this. If your letter of motivation and intake interview are both positively assessed, you will be sent confirmation of your admission. You can use this to request any grants you will need. Letter of motivation and intake interview. We select students based on several criteria. These should be addressed in your (English) letter of motivation of ± 750 words: your interest in and knowledge of river deltas and your goals for the master’s programme; your capacity for self-reflection on your current knowledge and skills; your capacity for becoming a facilitator of change - demonstrate your willingness to apply change, innovation and creativity in complex processes. The intake interview will be about the goals you have set yourself based on your background, and your interest in and knowledge of river deltas. Also we expect you to give an elevator pitch about a river delta case. The intake interview will be in English, so we can assess your proficiency in English.",
	"study_programme_content_general": "In the two-year Master programme, you will address the most pressing challenges of this century. Such as flooding, subsidence and salinisation of groundwater. Not only will you learn a lot about the river delta, but you will also work on practical assignments in Living Labs. Together with local communities, businesses and policymakers. The Master is a unique collaboration of three universities of applied sciences, each with its own expertise: HZ University of Applied Sciences (coastal area), Van Hall Larenstein University of Applied Sciences (river systems) and Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences (urban water). Studying and working in three locations will extend your knowledge of the different delta regions and your network in the field. After your studies, you will start working in an international organisation, consulting firm, government agency or NGO. For example, as an urban planner in a water-rich metropolis, an agricultural consultant in a fertile delta or a researcher of healthy river systems. You will soon be the transition manager shaping future deltas. So humans and nature can live together in harmony with water.",
	"study_programme_future_jobs": "River Delta Development has been developed in close cooperation with professionals. Governmental institutions as well as consultancies are clear about what they need: professionals who think and work in constructive, integrated ways, who have knowledge of transitional processes and are capable of moving people and organizations to make things happen. The world is in transition (climate, energy, circular economy etc.) and needs people that can facilitate this change. In delta areas many important issues come together, and they are aggravated by high population density and their vulnerable locations. This situation creates a demand for educated, enthusiastic, passionate young people who will take on the role of developing resilient, safe and sustainable delta life. Job positions you could occupy upon graduating from the master River Delta Development are: process manager. initiator of new projects. facilitator of civil changes. researcher. administrator. consultant. Freshwater Project Officer in Morocco. De Freshwater Project Officer is responsible for executing a project concerning the water environment in the Sebou delta in Morocco. The project focuses on lessening the impact of water extraction and non-sustainable water infrastructure on the local biodiversity and riverbed, as laid out in relevant documentation. The FPO will create and maintain cooperative networks with project partners, develops working plans, and regulates the implementation thereof, and is responsible for the technical and financial progress reports. Urban Water, Wastewater and Climate Resilience Senior Associate in the USA. The Senior Associate directs efforts to enhance business opportunities for multilateral development banks, focusing specifically on urban water, wastewater treatment and related issues concerning urban resilience and extreme weather. The SA is responsible for the development and direction of marketing strategies of these multilateral development banks and delivers technical assistance to project employees and other relevant stakeholders to ensure quality and keep projects on schedule. Monitoring and Evaluation Officer in Bangladesh. Climate change, in the form of intensifying cyclones, surge floods and an increase in sea levels, speeds up the salination process of sweet water in Bangladesh’ coastal areas. This in turn has an impact on the agricultural communities there, who rely on this sweet water supply. Especially women and girls are vulnerable target groups in this. The main aim of the project is to assist the Banglahdeshi government in strengthening local resilience of coastal communities – especially women – in order to meet this growing challenge. The MEO will be responsible for monitoring cost effectiveness and results, as well as delivering quality and timely input, and is to ensure the strategic vision of the project remains intact. Urban Water and Climate Adaptation Senior Specialist in the Netherlands. The Senior Specialist Urban Water and Climate Adaptation shapes water in urban areas, specifically regarding security, climate resilience, sustainability and quality of life. Possible projects could be securing the climate safety of Utrecht city or Eindhoven airport, developing a climate stress test for municipal governments or developing a masterplan for water management for the Moerdijk port. The Senior Specialist focuses on climate adaptability strategies, sustainability, water structure, measurement and security geohydrology and urban water management by means of modeling, conducting stress tests, analysing measurements, etc."
    }
]
